gather unite spread
gather separate spread
gather separate select
gather spread select
gather select spread
separate spread select
select spread select
unite spread select
select gather select
gather unite select
separate unite spread
unite unite spread
select gather spread
separate gather select
gather separate gather
select unite spread
gather unite unite
separate gather spread
spread select spread
select gather separate
select separate spread
gather separate unite
separate gather separate
separate select spread
select gather unite
gather select gather
gather unite separate
spread gather select
spread unite spread
unite separate spread
separate gather unite
spread gather spread
gather spread gather
spread separate spread
spread gather separate
separate spread gather
select separate select
select spread gather
separate unite select
unite unite select
gather select separate
unite select spread
gather unite gather
spread select gather
unite spread gather
gather select unite
spread gather unite
select unite select
gather spread separate
unite separate select
gather spread unite
separate unite unite
unite gather select
separate select gather
separate spread separate
separate spread unite
select spread separate
unite gather spread
select unite unite
select spread unite
spread separate select
unite spread separate
select separate gather
unite spread unite
unite gather separate
separate unite separate
unite unite separate
spread unite select
spread select separate
spread select unite
select unite separate
unite separate gather
select separate unite
unite gather unite
separate select separate
spread unite unite
unite select gather
separate select unite
spread separate gather
unite separate unite
separate unite gather
unite unite gather
spread unite separate
select unite gather
spread separate unite
unite select separate
unite select unite
spread unite gather