group_by summarise mutate
group_by summarise spread
mutate group_by summarise
gather group_by summarise
group_by summarise select
gather unite spread
gather separate spread
select group_by summarise
gather mutate select
summarise group_by summarise
gather separate mutate
mutate select mutate
separate group_by summarise
mutate select spread
gather unite mutate
gather mutate spread
mutate select summarise
mutate spread select
mutate spread mutate
mutate gather mutate
spread group_by summarise
select mutate select
gather separate select
gather select mutate
gather spread select
gather select spread
gather spread mutate
group_by summarise gather
mutate gather select
separate spread select
unite group_by summarise
gather select summarise
separate spread mutate
select spread select
select gather mutate
mutate gather spread
select spread mutate
mutate separate spread
mutate unite spread
separate mutate select
group_by summarise separate
select mutate spread
gather mutate summarise
unite spread select
select gather select
unite spread mutate
spread mutate select
gather unite select
separate gather mutate
summarise mutate select
mutate gather separate
separate unite spread
unite unite spread
select gather spread
separate gather select
mutate summarise mutate
gather separate gather
select summarise mutate
mutate separate mutate
separate mutate spread
group_by summarise unite
mutate summarise spread
select summarise spread
select unite spread
summarise spread select
spread select mutate
gather unite unite
unite mutate select
summarise spread mutate
mutate select gather
separate gather spread
spread select spread
select gather separate
spread mutate spread
mutate spread summarise
select mutate summarise
summarise mutate spread
mutate gather unite
mutate unite mutate
spread select summarise
gather spread summarise
select separate spread
gather mutate gather
gather separate unite
mutate separate select
mutate summarise select
separate select mutate
select summarise select
separate gather separate
separate select spread
spread gather mutate
separate spread summarise
unite mutate spread
select gather unite
gather select gather
separate unite mutate
unite unite mutate
separate mutate summarise
select spread summarise
gather unite separate
summarise select mutate
separate select summarise
summarise gather mutate
spread gather select
summarise select spread
gather mutate separate
spread unite spread
spread mutate summarise
unite spread summarise
select unite mutate
summarise mutate summarise
gather separate summarise
unite separate spread
select separate mutate
separate gather unite
gather unite summarise
summarise gather select
summarise select summarise
spread gather spread
mutate spread gather
mutate gather summarise
mutate select separate
gather summarise mutate
select mutate gather
summarise unite spread
gather summarise spread
summarise separate spread
summarise gather spread
gather spread gather
mutate unite select
mutate select unite
unite mutate summarise
spread separate spread
gather mutate unite
spread gather separate
summarise spread summarise
mutate separate gather
separate spread gather
unite separate mutate
select separate select
select gather summarise
select mutate separate
unite select mutate
select spread gather
summarise gather separate
separate unite select
unite unite select
gather select separate
separate mutate gather
unite select spread
gather unite gather
spread summarise mutate
mutate unite unite
gather summarise select
spread select gather
mutate spread separate
spread summarise spread
summarise separate mutate
spread unite mutate
unite spread gather
gather select unite
unite gather mutate
mutate spread unite
spread mutate gather
unite select summarise
spread gather unite
spread separate mutate
separate gather summarise
select unite select
summarise mutate gather
gather spread separate
mutate separate unite
unite separate select
gather spread unite
separate unite unite
unite gather select
separate mutate separate
summarise unite mutate
summarise gather unite
select mutate unite
separate select gather
separate spread separate
spread summarise select
separate spread unite
spread mutate separate
select spread separate
unite gather spread
mutate summarise gather
summarise separate select
summarise mutate separate
select summarise gather
unite mutate gather
select unite unite
summarise spread gather
mutate unite separate
select spread unite
summarise select gather
spread separate select
unite spread separate
mutate separate summarise
select separate gather
unite spread unite
mutate unite summarise
separate mutate unite
mutate summarise separate
unite gather separate
select summarise separate
separate summarise mutate
separate unite separate
unite unite separate
unite mutate separate
separate summarise spread
spread unite select
spread select separate
spread gather summarise
spread mutate unite
summarise mutate unite
spread select unite
separate unite summarise
unite unite summarise
select unite separate
summarise gather summarise
unite separate gather
summarise spread separate
select separate unite
summarise unite select
summarise spread unite
unite summarise mutate
unite gather unite
mutate summarise unite
separate select separate
spread unite unite
select summarise unite
unite summarise spread
select unite summarise
separate summarise select
unite select gather
summarise separate gather
unite mutate unite
mutate unite gather
separate select unite
spread separate gather
summarise select separate
summarise unite unite
select separate summarise
gather summarise gather
unite separate unite
summarise select unite
separate unite gather
unite unite gather
unite summarise select
spread unite separate
summarise separate unite
gather summarise separate
select unite gather
spread separate unite
unite separate summarise
unite gather summarise
spread summarise gather
spread unite summarise
summarise unite separate
unite select separate
summarise separate summarise
summarise unite summarise
gather summarise unite
spread summarise separate
unite select unite
spread separate summarise
spread unite gather
spread summarise unite
separate summarise gather
summarise unite gather
separate summarise separate
unite summarise gather
unite summarise separate
separate summarise unite
unite summarise unite
